Add a link to "Data Graph API" page in Tyk Dashboard section (#2441)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/release-notes/version-5.0.md

- New UI for custom middleware for OpenAPI apis
- Significantly improved OpenAPI versioning user experience
- It now possible to use PATCH method to modify OpenAPI apis via Dashboard API

> - Now you can turn Kafka topic into GraphQL subscription by simply [importing your AsyncAPI definition](https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-apis/tyk-dashboard-api/data-graphs-api/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now you can turn a Kafka topic into a GraphQL subscription by simply [importing your AsyncAPI definition]({{< ref "tyk-apis/tyk-dashboard-api/data-graphs-api" >}})
```
